Add more fields to the user creation and add roles if they are provided (#5)
learningequality/kolibri-oidc-client-plugin: README.md

3. Restart Kolibri

## Used claims
This plugin will create a new user in the Kolibri database after it authenticates using the OIDC provider.

> From the [standard OIDC claims](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-core-1_0.html#StandardClaims) the plugin will fetch these ones to add the information to the database:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Used claims

This plugin will create a new user in the Kolibri database after it authenticates using the OIDC provider.
From the [standard OIDC claims](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-core-1_0.html#StandardClaims) the plugin will fetch the following fields and add the information to the Kolibri user database:
```

> - `nickname` (or `username`)

Reviewer: just username, I would think?

Author: Standard claims can't be renamed

- `given_name`

> - `family_name`

Reviewer: concatenated into 'full name'

Author: For all these comments: those are NOT kolibri fields, but the field names provided by the standard that are used to build the user info and inserted into kolibri FacilityUser. We are not free to change them, providers will use them and kolibri must handle them accordingly.

> - `email`

Reviewer: not supported

> - `birthdate`

Reviewer: birth year

- `gender`

Apart from these standard claims, the plugin will accept a list of `roles` in the user_info token provided in a string with the format "roles":[role1, role2....]
As an user_info token payload example:
```json
{"email":"jhon@doe.com", "username":"jdoe", "roles":["coach","admin"], "family_name":"Doe"}

> ```

Reviewer: We probably want to specify that if no role is provided, `learner` is assumed.

Also from a user's perspective in Kolibri, there is only one role at a time - not a list of roles. Therefore I think this should probably take just a single role, e.g. 

```json
{
  "email": "jhon@doe.com",
  "username": "jdoe",
  "role": "coach",
  "family_name": "Doe"
}
```

Author: mmm, in Kolibri you can be added to the coach and admin roles at the same time. Code allows it. Not sure if we should limit it in this plugin.

Reviewer: I believe the main reason we allow multiple roles is so that [they can be to specific collections](https://kolibri-dev.readthedocs.io/en/develop/backend_architecture/uap/concepts_and_definitions.html#roles). For example, a user might have an admin role on the facility collection, and a coach role on a class collection.

There isn't currently any meaningful interpretation of a user having multiple roles on the same collection (here, the facility), and I'm not sure how the UI would handle that situation.

Author: I have kept the roles as a list because that's how OIDC providers return them, even if there's only one
